# 1 JOHN SMILGA REACT

## 1.1 Introduction to React

Instructor: All right, and welcome to the course. We're going to kick things off by quickly covering what in the world is React? And there's no better place to start than official docs, which by the way, are located at this URL, reactjs.org. Again, the URL is www.reactjs.org. And once we navigate there, we're greeted by this one profound sentence. React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces. That's it, my friends. Not a 10-page essay. Just a short, concise, one-sentence explanation. And while I'm a big fan of such straight-to-the-point answers, let me elaborate a bit on that. So React was developed by Facebook and it's still maintained by Facebook, but as you know, now the company name is Meta. Its initial release was all the way back in 2013 and currently, it is by far, the most popular JavaScript library to build user interfaces. As a side note, some of React competitors are Angular, Vue, and Svelte. Now, if there's one thing I want you to take away from this video, it's this one. When it comes to React, it's all about components. And you can think of components as independent chunks of user interfaces. Components can be as small as one HTML element. Let's say a button or a heading two. Or you can be a rebel and jam your entire Facebook clone into one component. At the end of the day, a lot of it depends on your preference and approach. In reality, though, you'll probably avoid the one-component route, since such approach somewhat defeats the entire purpose of using React in the first place. You see, the benefit of component is that you can build bunch of independent, isolated, and most importantly, reusable user interfaces, but you can then piece it together, just like the Lego blocks, and as a result, build even super big and complex apps without going insane. While your app can have as many components as you like, it will always have at least one called a root component. We already glossed over it a bit, but just to reiterate, the major benefits of using components and essentially React to develop your next app are following. You can build independent pieces of user interfaces, meaning changing logic or layout in one component will not break your whole app. And once the component is ready to go, you can reuse it all throughout your app, but the component code is still stored in one place. So if you ever need to make some changes, you don't have to run around like a headless chicken. Simply locate the component, apply the changes, and all of the instances will be automatically updated. And of course, let's not forget about the speed. You see, behind the scenes, React is using something called a virtual DOM, where only the component that needs to be updated is affected. And what's really cool, it's done without re-rendering the whole app, which in turn of course, increases the speed of your final product, and as a result, the user experience as well. Before I let you go, I also want to show you great example of React components in action. And I'm going to use our beloved Twitter. If we take a look at the sidebar, we're going to see list of links. And you'll notice this repeating pattern where each link has the icon as well as the text. So with React, what we can do, we can set up a component that is going to accept those two things, the icon and a text. And essentially, once we have the structure in place, every time we want to use that link, we simply need to provide the data. So the icon and the text. And what's really cool, if we want to change something about the structure, we only need to do that in one place. And then all of the instances where we use the link are going to be automatically updated. And if we keep looking, in reality, there's tons of repeating patterns, not just in Twitter, but pretty much in any app or site that you see. For example, this feed notice again, we have the photo, we have the name of the person who's posting, we have the Twitter handle, and I can go on and on and on. So notice with every post, only the values are changing. So it's the same deal. We set up a structure and then we just pass in the data. And if you're looking at it, you're like, well, okay, what's the big deal? Well, try doing that with HTML and CSS. You see, with just HTML, we don't have any kind of templating, correct? So effectively, we'll have to hard-code all of this. But that's not the case with React. And if you're still not convinced, hopefully, by the time I show you the first component, you'll see why React is so popular when it comes to building user interfaces.

## 1.2 Goals

Instructor: Before we go any further, let's also cover the main goals of this course. And honestly, there's only one. By the end of the course, I want you to be comfortable with React. Now, to me, that means that you can do these two things. Independently, find more info and build your own project. So by the end of the course, you'll be aware of all the major building blocks, the React building blocks, as well as useful external resources just in case you ever want to get more info on some existing or new React feature. And more importantly, you'll be able to apply this knowledge to your own project. Now, goals are nice, but what is my plan to get you there? Well, the answer is somewhat simple, by building bunch of React projects. You see, the goal of this course is not to cover every smallest aspect of React ecosystem. Since it's impossible, simply put, a course that covers everything that there is to know about React does not exist. While the core API of React is actually quite small, since it's by far the most popular framework out there. The React ecosystem is as vast as you can imagine. And effectively that means that learning never stops. Essentially, there's always gonna be something new to learn about React. That's why I suggest adopting a student mindset. Always be open to expand your React knowledge. And as far as the course projects, in my experience, the best way to learn and get comfortable with any language or framework is by building, not looking at the slides. And therefore, that's exactly what we'll do in this course. We'll start small. Our first projects are gonna be somewhat simple and straightforward, however slowly but surely, we'll expand our knowledge and by the end of the course, you'll be comfortable building your own complex React apps.

## 1.3 Structure

Instructor: And as far as the course structure, we're going to start by setting up our dev environment, so think, browser, text editor, node install, and et cetera, followed by an extensive React fundamentals tutorial, during which, we'll cover all of the major React building blocks. And after each topic, we'll build one or multiple projects just to enforce the specific subject matter. And right after tutorial, we'll simply roll up our sleeves and build React projects like there's no tomorrow. At the end of the course, we'll also cover Redux, and you guessed it, build a complex project with Redux as well. While I'm fully aware that the first part, the dev environment, might seem tedious, boring, and maybe even unnecessary, please keep in mind that it's extremely important for all of us to be on the same page. And don't worry, we'll get to React in no time.

# 2 MAXIMILIAN REACT COURSE

## 2.1 Welcome

Hi, and welcome to this course. My name is Maximilian Schwarzmuller and I will be your instructor in this course where I will teach you React from the ground up, step by step, by diving deeper and deeper, and by building multiple, beautiful, realistic demo projects so that you don't just learn React in theory, but instead in practice, by building projects, by having fun whilst learning React. And so that by the end of the course, you can call yourself a React developer. And you'll know all those crucial fundamentals, as well as all those important more advanced concepts. Because this course is the complete guide to React. We'll not stop after the basics, but instead we'll dive deeper and deeper so that you really learn all about React that you have to know as a React developer. And therefore, let's not waste any time. Let's instead dive right in. And let's start with the most important questions. What exactly is React and why might you want to use it?

## 2.2 Structure

So now that you have a first basic understanding of what React is all about, let's take a closer look at this course and the content this course has to offer, because of course this is a huge course, but it's also a highly modular course. This course obviously comes with many course sections and lots of important React content. But this course is also built such that you can go through it step by step, section by section, or that you can pick the sections that are most interesting to you. Now, it all starts with this getting started section here, but in the next section, you already got an optional section, which you can skip if you don't need it, because the next section will give you a JavaScript refresher. So if it's been some time since you last worked with JavaScript, if you wanna refresh those important JavaScript fundamentals, which you'll need for this course, this next section is for you. After that section, you'll find a couple of React essentials sections, the base essentials section, the deep dive, and the practice section. These sections build up on each other, and as their names imply, these sections are all about giving you a solid React foundation, teaching you the core concepts every React developer must know. And after those essentials sections, you'll then find many sections that dive deeper into specific React concepts or that explore more advanced ideas and concepts. And of course, here again, you'll get the most out of this course if you simply go through these sections section by section in the order you find in the curriculum, but if you already have some React knowledge. And if you're just interested in a couple of those sections, you can jump right away to those sections, ignore the other sections, or come back to them in the future, and focus on the content that's most interesting to you. Because I really built that course such that it offers useful knowledge to everyone. No matter if you are a total beginner or if you already got some React experience. After completing this course, you'll know a lot about React and you will be a React developer.

# 3 Angela Yu Full Stack

1. Introduction

Hello and welcome to the world's best Web Development course. My name is Angela, I'm a senior developer and the lead instructor at the London App Brewery, London's highest-rated programming bootcamp. To date, I've taught over a million students worldwide, in-person and online. And today I'm so excited that I have the privilege to be your instructor on this course. You're going to get access to over 55 hours of HD video content, step by step tutorials, interactive coding exercises, quizzes and much, much more. This course is created with the same curriculum as our 12-week in-person programming BootCamp. So that means you can look forward to the same professional level content covering every aspect of web development from HTML to React. This is the only course you need to become a professional, full-stack web developer. And the best part, the course is completely project-based, so that means you're going to learn everything you need to know while building beautiful real-world websites and web applications. You'll build a beautiful product website using HTML, CSS and Bootstrap. You'll build games and musical apps like this drum kit. You'll learn about Node, React and the MERN stack to build classic developer projects like a to-do list app and a project manager that's perfect for showing off at your next interview. If you're curious, take a look at the downloadable curriculum to learn more. Now, this course assumes absolutely no prior programming experience. So if you're a complete beginner, I'll be there every step of the way, taking you from programming fundamentals all the way through to intermediate and more advanced concepts. Now, if you're an advanced developer, then take a look at the curriculum and start at the level that suits you best. So instead of spending $12,000 on our in-person Bootcamp and having to take time off work, you're going to get access to exactly the same curriculum that has years of design and testing behind it. So you won't just know what to do, but also why you're doing it. Now, don't just take my word for it, check out what my past students had to say about the course. Your time is precious, that's why you deserve the best course money can buy. So what are you still waiting for? Join the course today and find out why over a million students have rated my courses five-stars⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ and see what you can do by mastering web development.
